# 7.1 Brave World

Brave World is the second blockchain-based game launched by DPK platform, a large-scale card adventure game. The game will launch in the first quarter of 2022. The details of the game are as follows:\
\
1\. Players must own Kreatty/kitty NFT to get game revenue. Players You must own a hero card to be able to play.

2\. The DPK platform will give hero NFT cards to all users who hold Kreatty/kitty NFTs. Users can get the valuable hero NFT cards according to the quality of the Kreatty/kitty NFTs held in their address on the website.

3\. There are 7000 Kreatties sold officially, and each Kreatty NFT with the number starting with 10000 can get 4 hero NFTs in Brave World for free.

4\. Each offspring kitty NFT born after reproduction, with the number starting with 30000, can get 3 hero NFTs in Brave World for free.

5\. The game has 1 lord hero by default, and up to 6 other different heroes can participate in the battle.

6\. Except for the lord hero, other heroes can be obtained through the hero NFT.

7\. Players can use heroes to form a team for PVE battles, and get KIT token rewards and game rewards for passing each level.

8\. Players can use heroes to form a team for PVE battles and get ranking. According to the ranking, they can get DPK token rewards and game rewards every day.

9\. The upper limit of KIT tokens that users get every day is shared. Brave World and Pet Garden share the upper limit of KIT token.&#x20;

10\. Players can get Brave tokens when they pass the more difficult elite levels in the game. Brave coins are only used to redeem equipment blind boxes on the official website. Each Brave coin represents a piece of dropped equipment.

11\. The equipment NFT can be obtained in the equipment blind box, including green, blue, purple, orange, red, and gold quality NFTs.

12\. After the player obtains the equipment, he can equip the heroes in the game. Each hero can equip the equipment in 6 different positions to enhance the combat effectiveness and better obtain rewards in PVE and PVP battles.

13\. The official will issue a limited number of unique dragon blind boxes, which contain 10 types of dragons with different skills for players to obtain. The funds raised by the dragon blind box will be used for the development and construction of the next game.

14\. Five different dragons can be placed in the game to participate in the battle, which can better help the team to win in PVE and PVP.

15\. KIT token rewards are withdrawn every 14 days. Brave coin equipment rewards can be claimed at any time. DPK token rewards will be distributed once a month according to the PVP ranking.
